Major doc update para seller behavior (#1258)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/resources/credentials.en.md

# Credencials

> Credentials are unique passwords responsible for capturing payments in online stores and other applications securely with which we identify an integration in your account. They can be found on the [Dashboard](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/resources/devpanel) or in your Mercado Pago account by accessing [Your Business > Settings > Management and Administration > Credentials](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/settings/account/credentials).

Reviewer: Me parece un poco rara esta frase:
> Credentials are unique passwords responsible for capturing payments in online stores and other applications securely with which we identify an integration in your account.

Viendo como está escrito en español, no debería ser algo como:
> Credentials are unique passwords that identify an integration in your account. They allow to capture payments in online stores and other applications securely.

Author: Sim! Usei sua sugestão em um commit! ☺️

> WARNING 
> 
> Warning
> 
> If you are not a developer, we recommend you verify your credentials in your Mercado Pago account. And, if someone is helping you set up your store's integrations, you can share your credentials with them.

There are two different types of credentials:

> * **Test credentials**. Test credentials test your integrations and can be used together with test credit cards to simulate card receipts. We recommend you to use them before production credentials to ensure that integrations work properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Test credentials**. Test credentials check your integrations and can be used together with test users and test credit cards to simulate card receipts. We recommend you to use them before production credentials to ensure that integrations work properly.
```

* **Production credentials**. Production credentials receive payments. Before going to production, check out the [requirements to go to production](https://www.mercadopago[FAKER][URL][DOMAIN]/developers/en/guides/manage-account/account/go-live-requirements).

Both types of credentials are composed by two pairs of keys that you must use according to the chosen product (see each product's documentation for details on which keys should be used).

> <table>
>   <tr>
>    <td>Public key
>    </td>
>    <td>Application's public key that will usually be used in the frontend. It allows you to know the means of payment and to encrypt card data.
>    </td>
>   </tr>
>   <tr>
>    <td>Access token
>    </td>
>    <td>Application's private key that will always be used in the backend to generate payments. It is very important that this data is protected in your servers and is not accessible for any system user or attacker.
>    </td>
>   </tr>
> </table>

Reviewer: No podemos usar el formato de tabla de Markdown?
Se empieza poniendo código HTML para cosas sencillas y bien rápido se termina usando más de lo debido 😅 

```suggestion
| Type | Description |
| :--- | :--- |
| Public key | Application's public key that will usually be used in the frontend. It allows you to know the means of payment and to encrypt card data. |
| Access token | Application's private key that will always be used in the backend to generate payments. It is very important that this data is protected in your servers and is not accessible for any system user or attacker. |
```

Author: Podemos... eu não me atentei... sorry, foi o costume!
